Add pro partial (#50)
dradis/dradis-html_export: CHANGELOG.md

[v#.#.#] ([month] [YYYY])

>   - Add partial for handling html_export RTP in Pro

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Add the RTP report title on export page in DradisPro
```
